we're going to upgrade the ultimate
castle in the desert and I'm gonna give
my Towers more range and damage the
first thing we're going to need is a
castle that only costs three dollars and
then we have the option to build
something called a gold mine that costs
six dollars but it starts out giving me
high gold makes less over time then as
tempted as it is to build another gold
mine right away I think we should
actually get some defenses that Tower
was reasonably cheap and I have the perk
to make it stronger so it's going to be
a huge help next we're going to build
the barracks that's going to give me
some idiots on the ground to be both the
Tower and the wall for them I've decided
on spearmint because they're good
against fast enemies with that we can
start a first wave I'm just gonna rain
some damage on them uh from here that
way I don't really have to put myself in
risk and I was hoping by the time they
all Collide that they would be in range
of both of the towers for extra
efficient murder and that kind of worked
but this uh we probably actually could
have done less defenses and more gold
overnight whatever the case I'll be rich
now because not only do I get gold from
them but I get gold with my gold mine it
just flies right into me and we can have
a total of 27 enemies flying at us today
so we need to figure out what we need to
do for defenses a wall only costs three
and I kind of like that idea because
everyone's gonna Bunch up there and then
I'll maybe throw a tower behind because
the towers are extra good in fact I'm
gonna throw two towers down that should
be more than enough to decimate the
idiots overnight but we'll find out soon
I'm gonna stay close to the tower
because I don't want any enemies to get
through my defenses these guys are
pretty slow so I'm not that worried
about them it's these guys down here
that I'm a little more worried about but
spearmint are good against uh fast
enemies so I'm gonna leave them down
there dealing with them while I take
care of these guys as best I can and
this should be no problem at all they're
hitting my walls a little bit because my
spearmen are a little bit stupid but
that's fine walls are made to be damaged
that's literally what they exist for and
there's my gold mine investment paying
out next we're gonna have 14 archers
from down below and eight men on horses
from over this way so what I'm gonna do
is build an archery range that way I can
have some archers following me around
they're going to be crossbow men for
high damage output they're not very
quick and they don't have a lot of range
they're also a little bit lacking in the
brains department but I'm just gonna
leave everything over here and I'm
allowed to put a gold mine over here so
I'm going to do that that's a really
risky investment at this point but
there's no enemies up there so at least
it won't get destroyed the rest of my
kingdom however we're not sure about yet
we'll see what enemies make it here
first and the tower is going to rain
down on everyone anyway so we might be
okay with this I didn't realize how slow
the enemies were I could have ran toward
them got a whole bunch of damage off
already but now the archers are going up
the other way this guy's gonna
single-handedly take on these guys so
I'll help him I'm just gonna leave The
Archers to their own devices up over
there they're probably fine we'll get in
there and spear them a little bit oh
yeah this will be perfectly fine and up
here yep my archers have defeated their
archers so we have a doubtable gold mine
bonus so I have 14 gold in the bank
which is actually quite a lot what I'm
gonna do is wheel these guys in and make
a single house for two dollars because
that's going to give me even more gold
overnight we're gonna put a tower up
here because the enemies are coming from
this side and I'm just gonna put that
one Tower down I think with my Army of
eight units we should be able to take
out all of these without too much issue
because we have a tower right above us
anyway that's definitely gonna help it
is going to be a long drawn out battle
okay you guys are released please
actually help there we go hopefully they
don't push too far forward and get out
of range of the tower but for now they
look like they're more than enough to
the task of defeating these guys as long
as they're like 5B winning them they'll
take their health away before they could
do much damage in return I think and
this was more than enough to complete
this you're dead just realized I
probably could have made a bunch of
houses with that extra money that would
have been a wiser investment but no one
ever said I was smart like literally
nobody so we're going to spend seven
dollars upgrading our Castle uh and this
Builder's Guild every morning in level
one house is automatically upgraded to a
level two if available plus our guy gets
a little more HP so we should build
another house because these are going to
Auto upgrade and just make us money next
we're gonna get attack from down below
but we can upgrade our Towers now to a
level 2 for only five gold and I'm about
to be attacked by sea urchins I'm not
really sure how to deal with those so
I'm gonna build another archery range
for now where it's some different kinds
of archers then I'm just gonna buy
another house so we can make some more
gold moving forward and then I'm gonna
gather my idiots and then we're gonna
put them over here where they can
actually defend I think that should work
we got a whole bunch of archers up here
plus an upgraded Tower and experiment
here to kind of make a shield and then
we'll see what we can do about the sea
urchins they look pretty quick but
spearmen are good against uh long
enemies okay The Archers decided they
didn't want to be safe up there wow okay
surgeons are bombs it just uh they
destroy things so we're gonna go no no
get away from my
there we go we just got to kill them you
gotta roll them away from your friends
oh I'm almost dead so you got to be
careful when you blow up the sea urchins
that's actually a pretty clever little
device that they use that really really
hurts if it hits you so I gotta make
sure it hits me or nothing important
like that guy okay so far so good though
this Knight is a raging success
and we should make lots of money some of
the gold mines are gonna be starting to
run low
but I'm gonna set up another one here
and that's going to give us uh
diminishing returns over time but it
pays for itself in one way we just need
to survive 30 archers and 12 of those
things
I ain't gonna spend money on another one
of these I want more spearmen because
I'm really enjoying them then I'm gonna
leave all of them up here behind this
little wall so they got a tower and
eight units depending against 12 enemies
that should be easy and I'm gonna build
another house that gives me gold every
day then I'm just gonna move these units
to fight the 30 archers that's going to
be the hardest side of this battle but I
noticed last time they tended to get a
little bit stuck in amongst these rocks
so I'm hoping we can get away with that
again uh they're kind of splitting up
already but they can fire over the rocks
to them and I can absorb it with a
damage per set probably actually get in
there and hit them a little bit but we
got more of our units coming in uh maybe
I should go get my reinforcements on the
other side if they're done though I do
have this Tower helping us well they're
about to destroy a Barracks but I have a
tower helping anyway
I didn't realize how strong 30 archers
was gonna be we did lose a building
overnight but that's gonna happen from
time to time the main thing is the
enemy's dead and as I stated earlier
this is an investment build so we're
gonna struggle now but in the future we
get stronger and stronger and stronger
I'm gonna build a tower here because
it's gonna fight both the guys down here
and the guys over here I'm also going to
play a barricade here for only three
dollars that's just gonna slow them down
that Tower might be able to reach that
far so the archery should rain down on
them here the experiment will poke out
the wall will slow them down that should
hopefully take care of the 18 morons and
then I'm going to spend five gold here
upgrading this Tower because it should
be a multi-prong attack and maybe also
this tower for the same kind of thing
this will attack two different Lanes
those nights up there might actually be
more of a problem than I thought maybe
your defenses aren't as good as without
you please stay away from my wall hit me
all you want just don't hit uh okay he's
probably gonna hit the wall anyway I
could try and push him away so he
doesn't actually hit anything important
but he hit the wall anyway okay well the
knights up there have also disappeared
and they broke through the wall but the
guys are coming to our defense there's a
big fatty too uh this is gonna be all
right there's another one to them but
they actually charge towards me so they
like me which is good they can destroy
me all they want as long as they're not
destroying my precious Investments when
you survive the night some things took
some damage but that's no surprise I
mean this is my kingdom after all we're
about to be attacked from all sides the
waves aren't particularly insane but
they do have one exploding thing plus
two Siege guys and 12 nights but I'm
gonna put a wall up here that way they
can make it as far as here they get
fired on by a tower there and maybe even
a tower here this might be stupid
because it's outside the wall but I'm
gonna do that that's really gonna help
her up there I'm also going to add a
tower here just to help with this bottom
Lane and if the guys up Top push through
which they might they'll take some
damage while attacking this tower all
right we're just gonna get this started
I'm gonna let my unit sort of organize
themselves hopefully where they see
themselves the most needed I myself am
going to be most needed up here because
there's very little defense against
these things so we can just sit here and
rain down on them for a minute the
little units die fairly quickly The
Siege guy is going to be the problem
he'll absorb a lot of damage it needs to
go elsewhere so I'm gonna go down and
see if I can give him a bit of a stab
just get some extra damage and I'm gonna
try and kite them around a little bit
because this is going to be destructive
losing the gold mine probably gonna hurt
but the gold mine was probably about out
of gold anyway I'll go lend my damages
down here my attacks and I'm hoping the
lower layer is actually doing all right
by themselves we're gonna get in there
and do a little stab we'll maybe do that
again soon they might destroy the wall
which is actually if I kite them around
he won't destroy the wow not exactly my
most Flawless work but that did still
give us 18 gold
now we've got 35 Knights coming from
both sides we need to figure out the
best way to deal with knights I'm going
to upgrade this one Barracks that's
going to give us stronger units that's
going to help down here I'm also going
to upgrade this tower that will pretty
much hopefully make them self-sufficient
down below these guys are at a sort of
tactical disadvantage anyway so I'm just
going to put up one more Tower here I've
moved my archers here to rain down on
the guys from below I'm gonna bring the
stabbers down here for a second they're
gonna hang out right here I've got two
gold so I'm gonna build a house and the
defenses should kind of work for
themselves so I can help getting some
damage down there the experiment are
going to move out where are they going
did I put those defenses in the wrong
spot no the other guys are just slower
so the uh my AI didn't know which way to
go but so far we're more than up to the
task of destroying the knights as they
come in but there's got to be 35 of them
so that's still going to be a process
not really sure oh I didn't realize they
were coming from the top as well okay
well that kind of changes things uh we
might be in trouble here these guys
don't know where to go so they're
actually just doing nothing I'm gonna
reel them and bring them with me uh
they're not actually attacking my tower
for some reason but they are attacking
my wall okay you guys are free to go
please go out there and do something
don't take care of that we need to go
check okay the breaking through down
here but there are actually a lot of
weak knights in there so if I can just
kick them around just a little bit and
get in there myself okay this wave at
night is done that way the knights is
done then it's just these little rascals
down here at the bottom so far the
defenses are up to the task of doing
this and we should get a fair bit of
money for that one 19 gold so we're
gonna upgrade our spearmint so we know
of eight spearmen at a time
I'm gonna dump all of these guys right
here because they have to deal with 25
very fast but a week guys they should
absolutely destroy those
Dan I think I'm gonna upgrade my archers
too so we're gonna get double the number
of archers sitting here and they should
all be stronger aside from that we need
another house because we need more
income coming in this is another one of
those battles that I can mostly just
keep an eye on from right here uh these
lower guys are definitely going to be
dangerous there's also a Siege engine
coming our way so we might get out there
and try and do a little bit of that
ourselves probably supposed to organize
these guys somewhat but I just really
can't be bothered I'm gonna try and
focus some damage on The Siege engine
because I know those are gonna hurt hmm
these guys uh the experiment should
actually be over here but the crossbow
men are coming up to deal with that
themselves for some reason but also as
long as I'm kiting some groups around uh
we'll have a big Advantage because they
won't really be able to hit me they have
already destroyed my wall but that's a
messiege engine that's perfectly fine
our unit should respawn nice and quick
too so I'm really not that worried about
this yet I took out one of the big uh
tanks just about okay the tank is dead
our units will respond and our
reinforcements on the other side are
coming in perfect the only thing we lost
I think was defenses so we'll still get
a fair bit of money today but towers are
only three dollars to build so why don't
I just put down a bunch of basic Towers
here to uh slow the enemies down they'll
at least give them some damage before
they make it to my base there's four
Towers there that are gonna kind of uh
work against them maybe I'll even put up
a wall over here then um that'll slow
them down so I can deal with these 35
over here before we have to do much of
anything then I'm also going to build
another house okay I'm gonna release
them here and bring in the idiots 30p
very quick guys down below uh 12 big
guys up there and especially if I'm here
helping we can really rain some damage
down on these things our units will come
in and help but even if I lose the wall
they've still got to get through a lot
of different morons yeah they're
actually pushing back through this line
so they're going to get into a spot
where they're out at the range of the
tower cover so I'm gonna borrow these
guys uh because they're gonna need to
help over here these guys are stronger
than I thought they've already gone
through a lot of my stuff uh archers
please come back on this side of the
wall everyone else will come back to you
this will actually be perfectly fine
okay you guys go ahead and attack the
experiment are coming back too so once
they get here will this really stop
everyone pretty much right here big boys
are gonna die in a hurry that one's
actually following me around that's
perfectly fine because they won't hit us
stab that guy stab that guy stab that
guy easy and this guy's gonna take some
damage he's dead now we should get a
healthy investment from all of our gold
mines and houses at least if they
weren't destroyed but now we're about to
be attacked from all sides by a lot of
different things uh 50 nights down below
catapults uh the waves are slightly
different from different directions so I
don't really know yet how to address
this problem
I think I'm actually gonna deal with it
by putting more Towers in around the
base because the enemies will inevitably
get to this point I'm even going to
throw a tower out here just to kind of
separate the enemies a little bit
they'll get a little sidetracked with
that for a moment and then I'm going to
increase some of the inside Towers these
are a little bit more expensive but
they're going to help especially if
enemies get close to the base and I'm
also going to throw a tower here because
these guys are going to spawn in
basically right away and be right in my
face not sure if I set myself up very
adequately for this but at least now the
uh towers are already landing on people
and my crossbowmen are getting out there
the enemies might come in slowly up here
is going to be a problem because they're
definitely the least defended overall
but as long as they're like trickling in
there slowly we might actually be okay
with this all I actually expected this
to kind of overrun my defenses fairly
quickly enough to be stuck in a center
we've taken a little bit of damage
internally but I have enough Towers
inside that this so far isn't bad there
definitely is a catapult over here I
need to do something about because he's
going to mess up my walls and let idiots
in in a hurry and we don't really want
that maybe not the cleanest Victory I'll
ever have but I'm still pretty convinced
it will be a victory I hear the quick
guys starting to come in oh that was
actually it wow we actually did that way
better than I thought we would and
that's a desert victory for us and we
leveled up a bunch and got a whole bunch
of new perks this time I'm gonna bring
the light spear Arcane Tower and Royal
Mint we're only fighting seven nights to
start so I'm actually not gonna get any
defenses I'm simply gonna buy two houses
because I'm pretty sure I can take these
nights on with little issue especially
if I get them close to my uh Castle the
castle will also rain damage down on
them so I'll basically just slowly stab
them like this and when they get close
to the castle they'll take damage from
that as well and I basically just sit
here and laugh at them next we're gonna
fight 17 slime so I'm gonna put a
Barracks out with uh just Longbow
archers for Rapid Fire attack and I'm
gonna build a Fishing Harbor that's
actually going to make me one goal today
like the uh houses but it's upgradable
for a lot more income then I'm actually
going to start the archers right here
because I either want them to die as
soon as possible or not but that way
they can respond and make their way back
to the battlefield before anything too
crazy happens the slimes see pretty
quick these are going to be the hardest
thing to deal with this time around I've
got no Towers currently to deal with
them and we'll get some Towers
eventually towers are overrated in the
tower defense game hopefully we earn
some decent money there we got seven
gold which is just enough to upgrade my
uh main base then I'm gonna get Royal
training I'm gonna get more character
for more HP for myself and 75 damage
output because all we're fighting is for
a crossbow men so I'm just gonna spawn
them in right here they can't kill us
all so if I sit right in their face they
could do some damage to me probably
pretty heavy damage but I can also just
murder them and when I start getting low
on HP I run away next is 45 slimes which
is not at all easy to deal with so I'm
gonna build two towers that's gonna sit
more or less in their face I'm gonna put
these guys probably right here hopefully
then by the time the slimes make it to
their The Archers are firing on them but
the towers are the ones taking the brunt
of the damage but we'll see I'm gonna
get in there myself for sure and do some
big old stabbing to try and Whittle them
down I need to remember to use my
special attack okay the first wave of
slimes is almost dead already so that's
a good sign considering marriages
weren't actually helping there God it is
kind of kite them around definitely
gotta watch my own HP though my special
attack's almost ready I don't care if I
lose a tower right now that's not really
a big concern to me because that will
respawn anyway uh The Archers will
respond slower but this is actually way
easier than I thought it would be but
now we're gonna start getting Siege
engines out but I have the option to
build another Barrack so I'm going to
start getting crossbowmen they're gonna
help with things like Siege engines I'm
Gonna Leave My units right in their face
so as soon as that crossbows are
catapult spawns and it's in big trouble
oh I see how this one works every day
gains an extra boat so we're making
three gold per day just off that one I'm
gonna be stupid and I assume we're gonna
uh wipe the floor with this wave so I'm
gonna invest in three more houses then
we're ready to start this fight don't
worry I'll get in there and help myself
especially for this catapult he's gonna
be the biggest thing to destroy uh
everything else or mostly probably take
care of itself sort of yeah it looks
like that works out pretty well we do
have reinforcements coming in but the
Catapult is dead and the Knights will
soon be dead hopefully we got yeah a
decent amount of gold out of that now
we're gonna have nine flying guys coming
in so I think I'm actually going to
upgrade my archers that's pretty
expensive to do but worth it it's great
when the enemies only attack from One
Direction like this so I can just put on
my archers here the enemies are maybe
gonna fly over the mountains if I recall
then I'm gonna spend the next eight gold
probably just on more houses
and then we'll see how this wave goes I
don't think I can attack them myself
because I'm obviously holding a spear
that I can't throw but it looks like
this will be more than up to the task so
this would be an easy money making wave
it sure was they all died right there
look at all that money coming in I'm
gonna upgrade my uh fish Port thing
maybe even lay down another one over
here actually because those are just
gonna add up to so much money I wish I
did that sooner and just in case I am
gonna add a uh Tower there I'm gonna
spend a little bit more money on houses
just because I can and that will just
pay itself back to me soon I can also
get uh melee units for only uh whatever
that was for gold so that's easy I'm
gonna try some flail guys players can
simultaneously attack all enemies in a
circle around them I'm thinking for
slimes slime so far the biggest
annoyance I have so we're just gonna
dump these guys a little bit into the
mix yeah everyone come in and just sort
yourselves out I think that's probably
going to destroy the enemies so far
seems to be up to the task I'm gonna get
in there and stab their catapult as much
as I can and then the crossbowmen we're
going to uh get crossbowed that went
about as well as I thought the
crossbowmen are still stuck up there
they do a lot of damage though so really
got to be careful like I can get in
there and stab them a bit but they will
also destroy me and we have more
crossbow men coming in from down below
but same thing I can destroy them and we
get more and more gold after every round
then it's just after destroying this guy
but he's a slow-moving idiot he's
basically a house on Wheels and then
we're done as we already have six gold
seven gold plus all the houses plus the
fish markets almost wow 31 gold to spend
that's a lot of different things coming
my way so I'm going to um yeah lay down
some Towers
I'm also going to lay down this income
from the user double that's such a crazy
like increase to uh money income I'm
getting excited uh so I'm gonna upgrade
both of these towers as well so that way
uh this area is going to be really
defended and since the enemies only
attack from one spot at a time I'm gonna
come and just spit them out right here
and my whole Army will just destroy them
here this will be a good little battle
might have been a little overconfident
on this one yeah yeah no one's going
anywhere not on my watch you're all
getting slowed down yeah you guys stop
too okay yeah actually this worked out
really well by happy coincidence I mean
they're doing a bit of damage to my
Towers but as long as they're not
attacking my money makers I could care
less about the towers the night is done
we're gonna make so much money now I'm
also about to be attacked by on all
sides from flying creatures so we need
to find out the best way to deal with
that many flying creatures my first
thought is Towers I do also have the
perk to do towers do extra damage so I
might as well go a little heavy on those
uh I'm actually also going to upgrade
some of my ranged units we now double
the crossbows and we'll upgrade this
Tower since I think this is going to be
my whatever what is that disco I'm not
that worried about these flying guys
they might attack my fish Harbor though
which I don't really want a lot of them
are attacking my fish Harbor uh can you
guys not I really kind of need that
thing to make money uh you know what I
think it's gonna be well we're gonna
lose that one overnight but that's fine
it'll grow back as fish Harbors do so
we're about to fight a single way from
down there there's a lot of idiots
coming in I'm not that worried about
that so what I'm gonna do is upgrade
this to its level three that costs
twenty dollars and since I'm dragging my
units around I'm actually gonna get
Commander units move faster when I'm
around them I have a healing Aura and 30
more damage for my idiot but upgrading
the castle like that will also increase
its income but it'll also give me more
options of places to build and there's
further upgrades for things
so for now I'm going to place my Army uh
right about here I'm going to build
another cheap Tower here that way it's
just going to do some damage and one of
these towers over here we're maybe gonna
upgrade but not yet I feel like these
waves aren't going to be that difficult
at least not yet so I'm just going to
invest my money so we'll make more for
next round I didn't know I had another
Barracks Choice here this might be a new
one to be fair and the fast guys the
weather annoying me lately so there's
some spearmint down here I'm gonna pull
them over to my other units and we'll
get this fight started uh you know what
everyone with me come on in let's get
everyone a little closer there we'll
just start the battle right here I'm
doing more damage they're only level one
towers that are supporting us right now
but that's still more than enough we're
destroying the big tank guy we're really
destroying the big tank guy luckily our
units went out front to absorb some
damage and the spears are sitting behind
them absolutely destroying them yeah
this is actually a nice little choke
point I didn't really uh think about
this one before I need to remember to
say close enough to my units to give
them a bit of healing plus also use my
spear for damage because it does do a
lot to units like a lot okay gonna get
in there it's just a matter of dealing
with the catapults now so this is easy
and for my effort we just earned I don't
know we got 30 gold to spend that's what
I know I can spend 15 gold to upgrade
this to a tier 3 Tower I think we're
gonna try a hot oil Tower it's still
going to fire regular arrows but it's
gonna pour bowling uh oil on enemies
that's good because when enemies are
attacking these towers it'll pour oil on
them these are flying enemies so that's
not really a huge Factor then I'm gonna
spend 16 which is a lot upgrading my
archers but we have a lot more archers
that we're gonna need here and I'm gonna
upgrade this to a bigger Tower and
um we'll find one final upgrade to put
somewhere actually this one this is a
research Tower so we can actually get 20
uh range damage in three days then I
brought my entire Army down over here
where we're gonna fight the flying
idiots the ground idiots all the
different types of idiots I did sort of
forget about those but I think I have
experiment they can also deal with them
either way it seems like we're up to the
task of dealing with these waves
especially if I get into myself a little
bit I can really take out the
fast-moving things kind of want the
building to survive though because
that's a money maker can you guys please
destroy these guys quick quick yeah I
think we got him oh we just lost our
boat thing that's so annoying that's
fine we don't need money anyway we just
need to survive and so far the towers
are destroying everything we got sort of
a super wave coming in so we're gonna
just fortify some things randomly around
and that's going to be enough to sort of
carry us through okay I'm gonna upgrade
my uh mace guys as well maybe also one
of my Towers here that's gonna help us
out in my crossbow men big upgrade for
them gonna put a wall down here I just
need separate layers to keep enemies
like out of my base as much as possible
down here is probably going to be the
worst wave kinda wish I got a wall up
here I think these guys are up to the
task of the lower wave uh these guys are
gonna fight the 30 nights right here
they're probably gonna spawn fairly
slowly so uh they should be up to the
task of that then we got all these
crossbowmen are gonna fire on the idiots
coming from down below who are gonna get
stuck on a wall so this is fine I'm
gonna start right here I want to see how
fast he's Knight spawn in to see if we
can move these guys away
uh they'll be fine they're doing that we
definitely have some slimes moving in
but my uh burning oily Tower should help
out a lot I just want to help with these
quick moving guys because they will get
in there quick and so will the slimes
okay they took out one Tower but they
still get a fight through everything
else including my oil Tower yeah there
they are pouring oil on things so I'm
not that worried about down here
crossbowmen are coming in behind though
but I need to remember that I do have
that healing order so I can heal my
units very slowly with that uh almost
died there but I think down here is
gonna be okay yeah they'll deal with
this crossbow men just fine and my
Nate's over here are already moving on
to attacking these guys so I'm gonna
kill the crossbow men because they're
just raining damage down on me but so
far this is actually really easy I
vaguely just have one one something to
fight but I have uh 56 dollars to spend
I assume it's gonna come in over the
lake like that so I'm maybe just gonna
upgrade some of my Towers in its way at
least to be uh super Towers like this
one can maybe get a level 3 upgrade
focuses each engine another large
enemies perfect uh same with this Tower
is going to be the same thing I can
hopefully just blast huge damage of
whatever's coming in and we'll just make
sure we got a few more uh upgraded
Towers uh maybe unintelligently I'm
gonna stack all my units like right in
the ball hopefully it doesn't have like
an AOE attack all right it's a giant red
idiot the towers are already raining
down on them though okay well the units
are definitely getting in there okay oh
he summons other units too interesting
all right well we're gonna get in there
a little bit ourselves he himself is
actually taking lots of damage I'm not
sure how many times he's gonna do this
though so okay I destroy okay he goes in
phases so once you drain his health bar
he stops spawning enemies and goes to
spawn elsewhere I presume but that's
perfectly okay I'm gonna take my idiots
because we need to get over there now uh
my towers are actually up to the task of
simply just destroying that guy though
so that's very helpful I'm getting in
there with my own spear to destroy these
guys uh okay I'm gonna borrow some of
you to just leave right now actually I
can't really take that many can I
alright you guys stay there I'm gonna go
fight the boss yeah he just goes back
and forth delivering enemies so uh My
Superhero stories will be up to the task
of just destroying him I just got to
deal with the enemies along the way uh
these slime guys are getting annoying I
wish I knew this work that we did
divided by armies in half I'd leave half
on one side half on the other I died
myself he's now spawning enemies in a
lot closer uh probably because he can I
don't blame him but he's also closer to
my high damage Towers too so that's bad
for him
I really should just focus my attack on
him directly we don't necessarily have
to kill the little enemies as long as we
kill him and this might be a good
strategy to employ because we'll just
have less enemies spawning if I get him
out of the way quickly I will of course
die myself at some point but I need my
ballistic to do their job okay he's
gonna come right down Main Street now
where hopefully we just get all of our
Towers hitting him really really hard
they are attacking my main base too uh
well we're just gonna hope it's strong
enough to withstand that my main base is
getting a little bit lower on health
we're going to help it out for just a
second by hopefully pushing these guys
away or distracting them a little bit
guys I need some reinforcements help me
I wish you had more balls right now wow
we're just getting destroyed because I
don't have any more Towers attacking
okay good this is good we're getting our
guys back into destroy those
okay so I'm gonna go finish off him then
uh we got a lot of different things
going on I need to uh I need to play up
some of my tower resources especially
These Guys these guys are going to be a
problem
but if I get my damage on him now I
might actually be able to defeat him now
I just need everything over here to do
their job oh we have such a little
Health on everything oh it was so close
it's because these guys wandered away
well at least now I see what I need to
do
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]